Improves local development experience (#170)
spiffe/spiffe.io: README.md

## Develop the site locally

### Using Docker

This is the preferred way to run the website for local development. 
```shell
$ make docker-serve
```

> This command will create a Docker image with all the tools you need to run the website. Note that some of the steps might ask you to run additional commands, please ignore them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command takes a few minutes to create a Docker image with all the tools you need to run the website. Note that some of the steps might ask you to run additional commands, please ignore them. The following line indicates that the image is ready:
\`\`\`
Web Server is available at //localhost:1313/ (bind address 0.0.0.0)
\`\`\`
Open `http://localhost:1313`in your browser to view your local version of the spiffe.io website.
```

Once the image is created, it will run the website on development mode while listening to changes in any of the markdown files or the [external content descriptor file](./external.yaml), rebuilding the site and reloading the website in your browser every time it detects changes.

> You can also run the website with the list of SPIRE releases on the Downloads page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also run the website with a list of releases under the "SPIRE Releases" heading on the Downloads page (`content/downloads/_index.md`):
```
